# ana-lattex-de-x6-generation

Project background: 
Our Cafe order application was a success, the client now wants to facilitate their unprecedented growth and expansion to hundreds of outlets.
The client wants to target new and returning customers to understand which of their products are best sellers.

Client requirements:
Current set up - 
*Each branch creates a CSV file of transactions daily at 8pm that are uploaded to software in back-office computers.
*To pull data for reporting, they have to manually collect the data from each location to collate, which is time consuming and it is difficult to colllect meaningful data for the company. 
*They would like a platform that will upload all the data to a centralised online location to allow for easier data manipulation and will help them identify trends to maxise revenue streams.

Consult results:
To resolve this data issue we will build a fully scalable ETL pipeline to handle large volumes of tranactional information.
This pipeline will collect all the transaction data generated by each individual cafe, and place it into a PostSQL database.
This will allow for easy access to relevant data to process, store and analyse.
New set up - 
* Each night a CSV for each branch will be uploaded to the cloud.
* The pipeline will read each file and Extract, Transform and Load the data.
* Data will be stored in a data warehouse.
* Data Analytics software will be used to create Business Intelligence analytics for the client.
* Application monitoring software used to produce operational metrics (i.e. system errors, up-time, etc).

how to run the app 

Exiting the app

Data persistence

How to run any unit tests 


Week 1 Sprint:
Scrum master Prajakta 

Week 2 Sprint:
Scrum master Rahidur

Week 3 Sprint:
Scrum master Kimira

Week 4 Sprint:
Scrum master Michael

Week 5 Sprint 
Scrum master TBC


